---
layout: post
title:  "The Beginning of Something Very Harold"
bg: 'owl.jpg'
summary: "What a day"
date:   2015-12-26 23:09:47 -0600
categories: posts
tags: 'stories'
author: River Gillis
---
**It was a Sunday morning, and that upset Harold.**

Harold is not a religious person, but that isn't why he was upset. Harold was upset because he would have to go back to work in a little under 24 hours and that just about ruined his day. Harold lived in a studio apartment by himself. Well, that isn't entirely accurate. Harold lived in a studio apartment with himself and his pet who he decided to name *Jeremy*.

Jeremy is a *Panda Oranda*

That is to say that Jeremy is a goldfish that isn't actually gold. Harold aptly noted that this was silly and frankly felt as it if were untruthful to the animal kindom, which is why he rarely referred to Jeremy as a goldfish.

Harold felt that Jeremy (and his tank with a little castle in it) tied not only the room together quite nicely, but also Harold's life together. For if it were not for Jeremy, Harold would have done something drastic a long time ago. He may have even gone so far as to quit his job and move to another city, and now that the subject is brought up Harold feels as if there's a very good chance for this to positively impact his life (and more importantly how he feels about it).

But that was a silly idea, Harold didn't have money to waste on travels.

Harold sorted mail. He does this 5 days a week for 51 weeks out of the year. You would think this sort of thing would be automated by now, but Harold is still getting his minimum-wage paychecks twice a month. Harold cashed his most recent check yesterday, and immediately took out a five-dollar bill to place under Jeremy's tank. He was saving up for a new little castle for Jeremy, as Harold had recently gotten the feeling that Jeremy's feeling towards him were beginning to wane (this thought stemmed from the recent unsavory looks Harold determined were being directed at him).

Sometime just before lunchtime, Harold's doorbell rang. As Harold was astounded at the fact that he had a doorbell, it rang again. He rushed to the door to find an old man. His forehad displayed nearly forty-five wrinckles, and each of those wrinkles had smaller wrinkles that stemmed out. It was almost as if this man were showing off his family tree that he had created. As Harold was thinking this exact same thing, the man spoke.

**HAROLD, I HAVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR YOU FOR *QUITE SOME TIME***

**SO LONG, IN FACT, THAT NOW THAT I HAVE REACHED MY DESINATION I FEEL SLIGHTLY SAD.**

**YOU SEE, HAROLD, I HAVE BEEN ON MANY AN ADVENTURE. MET MANY FRIENDS WHO I HAVE SHARED BOTH JOYS AND SORROWS WITH. IT IS NOW YOUR TURN, HAROLD. THE FINAL LEG OF THIS RACE LIES WITH YOUR COOPERATION.**

Clearly winded, the man begin to talk slightly quieter

HAROLD, I WISH I COULD HAVE MET YOU AS I INTENDED TO FIFTEEN YEARS AGO. I WOULD HAVE EXPLAINED TO YOU THE SIGNIFANCE OF THE JOURNEY THAT YOU WOULD EVENTUALLY FACE. I WOULD HAVE SPARKED A SLOW-BURNING FIRE WITHIN YOU THAT WOULD HAVE LEFT YOU YEARNING FOR THIS DAY. WE CANNOT CHANGE THE PAST, HAROLD. THE DAY FOR YOUR LIFE'S MEANING TO ENTER FRUITION HAS ARRIVED.

COME WITH ME HAROLD, LET THIS DECISION BE AN EASY ONE

The man wheezed.

Harold, unastonished, told that man he was uninterested in purchasing his product, and that his neighbors had loose pockets. Harold closed the door and sat back in his chair. He had a good time watching television for about an hour until he realized that it was nearly Monday.
