---
layout: post
title: "Tractor"
bg: 'owl.jpg'
summary: "heya"
date: 2016-11-30 23:13:00 -0600
categories: posts
tags: 'stories'
author: River Gillis
---
Tractor woke with a bang, for he had an idea. The only problem was that he had already forgotten it, but he knew that it had existed, if only during his dreams. He had trouble remembering his dreams lately, apparently they happen whether you remember them or not. The fact that it had existed, that a good idea had recently existed in his head, gave Tractor the motivation needed to get up an start his day off right.  

Forty-five minutes later, Tractor was spick, span, and ready to go. He was as clean as the gentrified streets and fresher than his rhymes. "Off to work!" he thought, as he sat down before the whiteboard in his apartment. Hours passed, and not a single mark had been made. How could Tractor have written anything? He hadn't had brunch yet. That was his line of thinking, anyway, as he shut the door behind him.   

On the way, Tractor met his best friend Gerald. Gerald was Tractor's best friend because he didn't make fun of Tractor's name, at least not to his face and that's basically the same thing! "Tractor my dude, whatcha been up to?" asked Gerald, to which Tractor recited everything that had happened to him today with a resounding "Not much, how about you?" This small-talk continued for a good thirty minutes or so as they brunched, before Gerald brought up the fact that today was the day that their planet was scheduled to be destroyed by a rival species. The two goofballs completely forgot! 

"Oh well, might as well make the best of it! Want to head down to the park Gerald?" asked Tractor, most likely because he wanted to go down to the park. On their way to the park, however, something terrible and definetely expected to have at some point happened had happened. The ships had arrived and the bombs were dropping. "Well gosh darn it, here I was hoping to end my life off right, I even woke up on the right side of the bed and everything!" exclaimed Tractor, as he watched his friend Gerald get sucked into the air.  

"Tractor, Tractor what is this thing? This swirling vortex is sweeping me off my feet high into the sky towards the ships above?" shouted Gerald increasingly loudly, as what he had to say was long and he had to try harder for Tractor to hear him as he was lifted into the sky towards his maybe demise.  

Tractor beams, for he knew the answer.